We aim to build a sufficiently advanced technological environment by empowering people with modern skills. We critically keep an eye on rapidly changing technology and extract the meaningful technology-driven change in society.


An amazing project available here for you!

 
MENTORSHELP (OPC) PRIVATE LIMITED aims to build the India's largest online knowledge repository for bilingual education. Here , in our website you will learn various latest or recent technologies that will help to empower your future scope and also we provide various projects which can be done by you and you will get paid for it.However, our students will be refunded on particular project based courses; if they do projects after learning some technology from us..<br>

Web Development

This comes in our core competencies. We ensure to provide up-to-date knowledge about web development along with its importance with the practical approach. We understand the rapidly changing technology and define the roadmap to our target audience in order to fulfill their requirement.

A website is the requirement of the modern world and we know how it web knowledge can be implemented effectively. Hence we decided to empower people with web development including the useful tools that make web development easy to people.

Programming

Programming is also our core competency and we strive to be more competitive through our consistent efforts. We keep an eye on existing and upcoming trends to analyze and figure out the actual facts of programming language. We aim to provide comprehensive knowledge about programming including the following categories:

Interpreted Programming Languages

Functional Programming Languages

Compiled Programming Languages

Procedural Programming Languages

Scripting Programming Languages

Markup Programming Language

Logic-Based Programming Languages

Concurrent Programming Languages

Object-Oriented Programming Languages
Artificial intelligence

This is also a hot topic of the modern world. We strive to cover the key topics related to artificial intelligence that are fruitful to our readers. By analyzing the current usage of artificial intelligence and analyzing the upcoming possible happening, we describe the set of thoughts that will happen in near future. Traditional ways of working are to be changed and it’s important to know the impact of artificial intelligence in our lives.


Digital Marketing

We cover this category of the digital world because of its importance. People seem confused about the perfect implementation of SEO tools and unable to get high ranks in search. We also aim to uncover the hidden techniques recognized by Google and other search engines in order to support people with up-to-date knowledge.<br>
Our SEO-related blogs help internet users to familiar with the modern SEO tools and tactics by considering the keywords, relevant content, Meta title, Meta description, backlinks, social media and online directories etc.

Why Go for MentorsHelp

Earn with Us

Focus on Job oriented &amp; personality and Skill Development

Live project

Industrial as well as practical knowledge

Supportive Team members

Satisfaction of Students is the first priority

Connect to this platform to connect yourself for better understanding.